Recognized as best password manager by PCMag, The Verge, CNET, G2, and more!


SECURE YOUR DIGITAL LIFE

Secure your digital life and protect against data breaches by generating and saving unique, strong passwords for every account. Maintain everything in an end-to-end encrypted password vault that only you can access.


ACCESS YOUR DATA, ANYWHERE, ANYTIME, ON ANY DEVICE

Easily manage, store, secure, and share unlimited passwords and passkeys across unlimited devices without restrictions.


EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THE TOOLS TO STAY SAFE ONLINE

Utilize Bitwarden for free with no ads and or selling data. Bitwarden believes everyone should have the ability to stay safe online. Premium plans offer access to advanced features.


EMPOWER YOUR TEAMS WITH BITWARDEN

Plans for Teams and Enterprise come with professional business features. Some examples include SSO integration, self-hosting, directory integration and SCIM provisioning, global policies, API access, event logs, and more.



Use Bitwarden to secure your workforce and share sensitive information with colleagues.



More reasons to choose Bitwarden:


World-Class Encryption
Passwords are protected with advanced end-to-end encryption (AES-256 bit, salted hashtag, and PBKDF2 SHA-256) so your data stays secure and private.


3rd-party Audits
Bitwarden regularly conducts comprehensive third-party security audits with notable security firms. These annual audits include source code assessments and penetration testing across Bitwarden IPs, servers, and web applications.



Advanced 2FA
Secure your login with a third-party authenticator, emailed codes, or FIDO2 WebAuthn credentials such as a hardware security key or passkey.



Bitwarden Send
Transmit data directly to others while maintaining end-to-end encrypted security and limiting exposure.



Built-in Generator
Create long, complex, and distinct passwords and unique usernames for every site you visit. Integrate with email alias providers for additional privacy.



Global Translations
Bitwarden translations exist for more than 60 languages, translated by the global community though Crowdin.



Cross-Platform Applications
Secure and share sensitive data within your Bitwarden Vault from any browser, mobile device, or desktop OS, and more.





